Add openITCOCKPIT to Monitoring section (#510)
awesome-foss/awesome-sysadmin: README.md

- [NetXMS](https://www.netxms.org/) - Open Source network and infrastructure monitoring and management. ([Source Code](https://github.com/netxms/netxms)) `LGPL-3.0/GPL-3.0` `Java/C++/C`
- [Observium](http://www.observium.org/) - SNMP monitoring for servers and networking devices. Runs on linux.
- [OMD](http://omdistro.org/) - The Open Monitoring Distribution.

> - [openITCOCKPIT](https://openitcockpit.io/) - Monitoring Suite featuring seamless integrations with Naemon, Checkmk, Grafana and more. ([Demo](https://demo.openitcockpit.io/), [Source Code](https://github.com/it-novum/openITCOCKPIT)) `GPL-3.0` `deb/Docker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [openITCOCKPIT Community Edition](https://openitcockpit.io/) - Monitoring Suite featuring seamless integrations with Naemon, Checkmk, Grafana and more. ([Demo](https://demo.openitcockpit.io/), [Source Code](https://github.com/it-novum/openITCOCKPIT)) `GPL-3.0` `deb/Docker`
```

Should clear up any possible confusion regarding the license.

> - [openITCOCKPIT](https://openitcockpit.io/) - Monitoring Suite featuring seamless integrations with Naemon, Checkmk, Grafana and more. ([Demo](https://demo.openitcockpit.io/), [Source Code](https://github.com/it-novum/openITCOCKPIT)) `GPL-3.0/Proprietary` `PHP`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [openITCOCKPIT](https://openitcockpit.io/) - Monitoring Suite featuring seamless integrations with Naemon, Checkmk, Grafana and more. ([Demo](https://demo.openitcockpit.io/), [Source Code](https://github.com/it-novum/openITCOCKPIT)) `GPL-3.0` `deb/Docker`
```

Author: > Based on your Documentation, it appears that you do not support manual installation of the software. Instead, you require it to be installed either through packages or Docker. Consequently, I have adjusted the language tags accordingly.

That's correct. openITCOCKPIT bundels a lot of open source tools such as [Naemon](https://github.com/naemon/naemon-core/), [Statusengine](https://github.com/statusengine/),
[Graphite](https://github.com/graphite-project) or [Grafana](https://github.com/grafana/grafana) just to name a few.
Some of those needs to be compiled other just configured. It's a complex setup which is why we do not provide any manual installation documentation.

On the other hand, provide some [documentation about how to setup a development system](https://docs.openitcockpit.io/en/development/setup-dev-env/), be clonen the source code from GitHub.

> Given that the default installation seems to be the CE version, it seems appropriate to omit references to "proprietary" licenses. 

That's fine for me, by default a user will always end up with Community Edition :)
My idea was to mention the dual license because it is also mentioned in the projects readme.
